today I'm in Australia in the probably
all NW Palestine passage in Queensland
and we're hunting wild game check this
out
now some kangaroos go a few over here so
let's see if we can catch this summer
because wild meat let's go get it guys
come on hey hey yeah hi mate younger
barbecue tonight buddy where you going
hey don't walk away make me look like a
fool
well I'm gonna go eat your mates all
right guys who's on the barbecue tonight
which one is you look pretty tasty come
on come here come here
hey guys don't walk away just you're
making a fool of me I don't like it I
don't like it come here stop bouncing
away from me don't hear you guys come
here that's it you all right on the
these bloody kangaroos are hard to catch
I don't know what's going on here buddy
well I don't made a mistake shouldn't
use my voice we'll catch a kangaroo take
off my shirt barefoot style primal paleo
pure instinct I'm gonna get meself one
than kangaroos ten-second all-out sprint
I should do it easy because I'm pretty
fit it's been talking over there let's
do it
well it's be intimidating not even
dangerous I could have got my stomach
split open by the kangaroo kicking me
say I'm gonna need some plants because
these frickin kangaroos are too hard to
catch and I'm fit you know I'm fuckin
fit I'm you know got a marathons
yeah winning 24 my races I'm fit ads and
I can't even run down a kangaroo which
is like almost touching distance for me
I can't even catch it you know a dog
could you know large dog could but a
human no way I would have to use a
weapon use a weapon and even then it's
risky because it kangaroo they kick you
could be game over yeah it could be game
over I can't can't you could rip you rip
your stomach out your whole gonads off
with one kick so interesting so I'll go
home and have some plants then you love
it when overweight people who are obese
can't even run can't even rank I need my
protein on me but protein can't be a
vegan
because I need my protein and the
animals that they're eating or eating
vegan foods eating plant foods so these
people are obese or even some fit people
we I mean I've got fit people can't even
catch a kangaroo erm it's so like so
what are you doing you know it's sort of
a it's quite entertaining so that guy's
you know people eat kangaroos in the
strattice our national emblem do we eat
our national emblem we shoot them in the
head with shotguns and and step on their
Joey's and eat them it's a pretty funny
thing so some of the locals here looking
at me like I'm a bit weird and so I
asked one of locals before said do you
eat meat these kangaroos you know cuz
lots of free meat here she's like oh no
we don't need them that's our local
local tourist attraction unlike tourist
attraction just eat it yeah I mean it's
like having a mangos as a tourist
attraction and oh we don't eat the
mangoes because that's our tourist
attraction come on common sense please
I'll sing us funny we'll see who's
laughing when I think about my hunting
dogs a 12-gauge shotgun
20:04 driving my mates a few beers and
we'll see who's laughing so I got the
impression it if I harmed one of those
kangaroos their precious little triggers
attractions on two legs
they don't probably get my head kicking
ball local rednecks I'm gonna go to
shooting kangaroos in the weekend anyway
you just gonna laugh at the craziness of
the world sometimes because if you let
it get you down you're just going to
burn out so he's gonna laugh and
transmutate the frustration and a
fascination of how you can be part of
the solution versus part of the problem
and so my suggestion is do it for your
tanks to avoid being a redneck and
increase the pace go vegan thanks for
watching
[Music]
[Applause]